[light music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[somber music]
[thrilling music]
[Myung-hee] How the hell did this happen?
They're piecing it together now.
We'll have to be patient.
Babel's going to be
set back significantly.
Even worse,
it's like a full force tsunami hit.
I don't know what we're going to do?
Look, I just need to sleep on it.
What is going on?
[ominous music]
[crickets chirping]
[Joon-woo exhales]
Thanks.
[Han-seo]
Give me a chance to get even with them.
I'll find whoever did it and throw
their bodies in the woods--
[Joon-woo] Hey, hey.
You'd be able to do that? Hmm?
You're jumping the gun.
-[sighs]
-So just do what I tell you. Hmm?
[shouting]
I can handle it on my own, all right?
Don't raise your voice.
It's scary.
Sorry.
-Han-seo.
-Come on.
[tightening]
[Han-seo grunting]
The chairman title is honorary.
You remember your place, right?
[choking]
Yes. I just wanted to--
[Joon-woo] What?
-[grunts]
-[chokes]
Sir…
-You're just a puppet on a string.
-[gasps]
Don't you dare try to go
against my wishes.
Got it?
[gasping]
Let go, please. I got it.
I… I'm sorry.
[gasping]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
For the press release,
the fire's electrical, not arson.
We're gonna take a monster hit.
So call the board for an emergency meeting
first thing tomorrow.
[labored breathing]
And remember…
that thing I mentioned, tell Wusang too.
You got all that?
Yes. I'm on it, sir.
Han-seo, get lost.
[labored breathing]
[tense music]
[scoffs]
I'm not going to let you…
keep pulling my strings.
[ominous music]
EPISODE 5
-[glasses clink]
-[Cha-young] Cheers.
[exhales]
We're off to a really good start,
but they'll be on to us in no time
if we keep blowing things up.
I like a three-tiered approach.
We use our brains, brawn,
and the court system.
They have a huge advantage over us
in that department.
Victory tastes infinitely sweeter
when you beat them at their own game.
But, Mr. Cassano,
you're not licensed to practice here.
One of us is plenty.
[scoffs]
So I'm supposed to catch all the heat?
I'm not good with that.
I'll be turning up the heat on them,
Ms. Hong.
Worry about the next step.
Want me to predict
what your next step might be?
You can read people's minds now?
Of course not. I'm not a psychic.
Nobody knows more about Babel's
dirty dealings than I do. Trust me.
[clears throat]
All right.
Tell me what our next move is then.
Hah!
We have to target
Babel's vulnerable subsidiary
which is also the one that plays
with stock prices the most,
and whose ethics
will have the hardest time
surviving uninvited scrutiny.
Which subsidiary?
[imitates gunshot]
THE ALCHEMISTS OF FUTURE SCIENCE
BABEL CHEMICALS
[tense music]
[tranquil music]
-[U-yeong] Hey.
-Hmm?
[U-yeong] Be honest.
You don't bow 108 times.
[U-yeong chuckles]
You have to skip a few.
Don't make fun of me.
-[laughs]
-I don't skip a single one.
I bet you sneak sausage
when he's not looking.
-Right? Spare ribs and pork belly.
-[sighs]
-Shut your mouth, you jerk.
-[chuckles]
-[U-yeong gasps]
-Don't say that. Help me, Merciful Buddha.
Can we please eat out next time?
I come here once a month
and every time it's vegetables.
Hey. Hey, hey, your nose is bleeding.
[U-yeong] Oh.
Is everything all right?
[sighs]
You're getting nosebleeds
and you've lost a lot of weight.
No, it's fine.
It's… it's nothing.
I sure do miss all the trouble
we'd get into 15 years ago.
Me too.
[clicks tongue]
In the old days, you were no match for me.
[chuckles]
-Things have changed.
-[both laugh]
[U-yeong] You're such a smart-ass.
You couldn't look me in the eye
when I first met you.
I'll have to teach you a lesson
if you don't show me some respect.
-I'm not going to the past--
-You're bringing out the old me.
-[chants loudly]
-Whatever you do…
[under breath]
Don't swear. Don't swear. Don't swear.
[upbeat music]
[huffs]
-[exhales]
-[clatters]
[grunts, exhales sharply]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[upbeat music continues]
-[grunts]
-[Vincenzo] Ooh!
-Here we go.
-[both grunt]
-[Vincenzo] You should have a spotter.
-[Han-seo pants]
Wait, are you…
Mr. Jang Han-seo?
-Yeah.
-Whoa!
Oh, I'll do that for you.
Whoa, this is amazing. So fun.
-I am one of your biggest fans.
-[sighs]
-So nice to meet you.
-Thanks.
-Sure.
Oh. You look thirsty.
Thank you.
So you work out here.
In one of your interviews, um…
you said the sky is the limit for Babel.
I really admire
your corporate innovations.
They're so… Oh, sorry about that.
"Innovate or die." That's my philosophy.
Ah!
"Creative destruction. Innovation is
the driving force of economic growth."
George Soros is one of your heroes,
am I right?
Huh?
Soros. I respect that guy so, so much.
Ah, yes. When I studied
your subsidiary structures,
I was surprised how flexible they are.
Joseph Schumpeter is a proponent.
-Is that right?
-Joe Schumpeter.
My favorite. I've read every single book.
-[Han-seo] You know your stuff.
-[Vincenzo] Oh, you are a genius.
So yesterday… Oh, let me get that.
The news said
Babel's warehouse burned down.
That must have been awful.
How did it happen?
An electrical issue.
Wow.
Just so you know…
-[metal clanks]
-And this might not be appropriate,
but the tabloids are saying
that it was arson.
I don't read the tabloids.
Not a word in there is true.
You don't have time to read those.
But oftentimes, they're bang on.
-What?
-By the way…
-[whispers] I bought your stocks.
-Hey.
Go, please.
I really need to finish my set.
Uh, sorry. I'm in the way.
Thanks for the tip, though.
Babel shares are getting dumped today.
[sighs]
-You should probably sell too.
-No, wait. Hang on.
-[Vincenzo] I forgot this.
-[Han-seo] What?
[stammers]
I'm confused.
What the hell are the tabloids saying now?
[in Italian]
You're not the boss.
[reporter] Babel Pharmaceuticals'
stock prices took a drastic dive
amid speculation that the fire
that destroyed their warehouse
was set deliberately.
Babel's stock had reached
an all-time low within 29 percent…
[Cha-young]
Aren't you happy that I'm gone?
There's no one to nag you now.
I've missed you every minute
since you left.
[Joon-woo] I even miss your nagging.
[tranquil music]
[breathes heavily]
Once you make partner, the only thing
you'll miss is having a life.
[Joon-woo chuckles]
I assume you heard what happened to Babel?
My gosh, I'm so sad.
I heard it was deliberate.
So maybe they had it coming.
[Cha-young] They did do some vile things.
Ah. I think so, too.
Isn't it called retributive justice?
Impressive.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Muscle spasm. Ooh, that hurts.
Call you later.
[grunts]
Okay, Ms. Hong. Bye.
-[treadmill whirs]
-[pants]
[ominous music]
[pants]
So you're the pyromaniac.
Hah!
[ominous music continues]
[Cha-young] Hey, I told you
where Chairman Jang would be,
so you're buying.
[classical music playing]
That's about what your intel is worth?
Why go see him in person anyway?
Going head to head with the enemy's boss
puts my mind at ease.
I can appreciate
that twisted bit of thinking.
What did you get out of him?
The man's a nitwit.
I don't think he's the real boss.
I switched quotes from Joseph Schumpeter
and George Soros…
he didn't pick up on it.
I'm not surprised. Most of us think
his brain should pose a vacancy.
But if he's not the boss
then who's running the show?
In my experience with Mafia disagreements,
each side customarily tells the other
who the leader is.
That way, you can set up a meeting
between the bosses
and try to prevent all-out war.
And the surest way to draw the boss out
instead of the puppet
-is to make sure--
-[loud clang]
You cut the stupid puppet's head off.
Our methods don't shock you.
I told you before,
people here are as Mafia as you are.
As for finding out if someone's
pulling Jang's strings or not,
I'll wring every drop from him
like a wet wipe in the sun.
[Myung-hee]
Do you think I'll listen to you?
[Vincenzo] That's up to you.
But remember
this freedom comes with a price.
-[knocks on door]
-[door opens]
ATTORNEY CHOI MYUNG-HEE
He's clean. Squeaky clean.
The lawyer from Italy,
the one working with Cha-young,
Vincenzo Cassano.
-His name is Vincenzo Cassano?
-Mm-hm.
So I talked to someone
from the Italian Lawyer Association.
Perfectly clean.
Look, every rookie knows
-a completely spotless record is suspect--
-I predicted you'd say that.
So I called my guy at the NIS
to take a closer look.
[Seung-hyuk chuckles]
I don't know.
Something is fishy with this guy.
I told you he's clean.
I'm sure he's just a regular lawyer
on a business trip.
You think he's from the Mafia
just 'cause he's Italian?
Where are you going?
Vincenzo Cassano intrigues me.
I'm going to find him.
There you go again.
You can't find peace of mind
until you look them in the eye, can you?
-[Ju-sung singing "La Donna È Mobile"]
-Good afternoon.
♪ Qual piuma al vento ♪
♪ Muta d'accento ♪
♪ E di pensiero ♪
I'm looking for Ms. Hong Cha-young?
[Ju-sung] Oh, I'm afraid she stepped out.
Are you Vincenzo Cassano by any chance?
Si.
[dramatic music]
[clicking]
SANGCHEON OPTICIAN'S
And you are?
Oh, uh, sorry. I'm, uh…
Um, my name is Choi.
Choi Myung-hee from Wusang Law Firm.
Ah.
I've heard a lot about you.
I'm Vincenzo…
Cassano.
It's Italian.
[Myung-hee] What is this?
He sounds like a drunk.
And the face is all wrong.
Greasy hair, aimless eyes,
pasty skin,
and the awkwardly protruding mouth.
What's your real name?
It's Vincenzo.
Oh, man!
[whimpers]
You're such a liar.
Take this.
You shouldn't treat Vincenzo Cassano
like that.
[operatic singing of "La Donna È Mobile"]
Do that again and I'll rip your pipe bone
in every direction, you embarrassing twit.
[mysterious music]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
LAWYER HONG CHA-YOUNG
That bozo was a monstrous waste of time.
Nice move, assholes.
[tense music]
[Myung-hee] You must be Vincenzo.
[groans]
It's her.
When you threatened that witch,
did you disguise your voice?
No.
It's been a while.
It'll never be long enough in my book.
-What do you want?
-I was in the area.
[Myung-hee] Are you Mr…
Vincenzo Cassano?
Mr. Cassano can't talk today.
The poor man has
a bad case of tonsillitis.
I'm Choi Myung-hee from Wusang.
I feel like our paths have crossed before.
Hmm.
[tense music]
[Vincenzo clears throat]
What do you want? We're busy.
Tacky.
[clicks tongue]
If you had any manners,
you'd know you should invite
your guest in for tea. Hmm?
[door closes]
Here you go.
Did you really think
you could fool me? Huh?
Why would you pretend to be him anyway?
I enjoy cosplaying and role-playing.
Today, I was Vincenzo. Man of mystery.
Man of buffoonery.
[humming "La Donna È Mobile"]
[huffs]
Are you serious? Who does that?
Vincenzo.
[groans]
Now that you have your tea,
I'm dying to know what made you come here.
Ah! That feels good.
I'm here to congratulate you
on your new firm and wish you luck.
I brought you that plant over there.
It's called a stuckyi.
They're great plants. Just hardy as hell.
Barely needs light or water. So practical.
I'm rooting for you.
I want you to last a long time and grow.
And to do that,
you should imitate that plant.
Avoid the limelight
and stay in the background.
Just lie low
and don't suck up all the oxygen.
Mm.
Survival tips. I appreciate your concern.
What about you, Mr. Cassano?
Will you express your gratitude
for the advice?
Another one without manners.
You should at least give me a real answer.
I am your elder.
I just want a brief conversation.
So take that pain like a big boy. Huh?
[in small voice]
Thanks.
You sound like a mouse.
Talk a little louder, will you?
[inhales]
[in soft voice]
Thanks.
-[Cha-young clears throat]
-[Vincenzo groans]
All right, then. Snack time is over.
-See yourself out.
-[Vincenzo grunts softly]
-[Cha-young] Hmm?
-[Vincenzo grumbles softly]
Okay. A good guest knows when to leave.
Ciao.
[Vincenzo in small voice]
Ah! That's hot.
[Vincenzo groans]
[Vincenzo] Mr. Nam.
Napkins, please.
It's too hot.
[sucks teeth]
That was strange.
Can he really be that dense?
[mysterious music]
[tense music]
[Seung-hyuk] I will take care of what
you asked for as soon as possible, sir.
-[elevator dings]
-Oh, okay. Have a good day.
Thank you, sir.
Bye.
[foreboding music]
-[Seung-hyuk] Joon-woo.
-What's up, boss?
-Don't call me that. I already told you.
-Oh!
You did?
Your boss wants to see you. Pronto.
[chuckles]
This is so frustrating.
[groans]
Uh… you got promoted. As of today…
[Seung-hyuk sighs]
-You're a partner.
-Huh?
-Me?
-Yes. You. You're our new partner.
Uh, jeez. Why pick you? Who are you?
-Sir?
-Forget it.
You'll be getting a raise
which you can discuss with the director.
You probably need an office?
Just moved into Ms. Hong's office.
It's empty now.
What? Now? Are you sure?
This all happened too fast.
This is not my first choice.
Just following his orders.
-Work hard, young man.
-I will.
-Off you go.
-Yeah.
-Right now!
-Okay. Thank you.
-[chuckles]
-[Seung-hyuk] Klutz.
Why would the Chairman
choose that silly boy?
[door closes]
Maybe they're related.
[upbeat music]
BRING DESTRUCTION TO BABEL CHEMICALS
[Cha-young] Let me begin.
There are 42 names
on this list of victims.
Nine people have died already.
They all had blood-related diseases.
Specifically, leukemia.
The report mentioned exposure to BLSD.
What is that?
[Cha-young] Hmm, BLSD.
-[chimes]
-[Cha-young gasps]
Are you being tacky on purpose?
No, I'm not.
-I prefer a vivid color palette.
-[groans]
[Cha-young] BLSD was designed
to revolutionize next-gen display panels.
But it's already been banned
as a harmful chemical in the States.
It's like RDU-90.
It shouldn't be used on people.
It just goes to show how evil they are.
The lawyer representing the victims
is a real piece of work.
-[eerie music]
-[Cha-young] What the hell?
Ugh! He's like a dead fish.
[grunts]
Sorry.
I haven't mastered making portraits
from interview footage.
-[groans]
-[soft chuckle]
This is So Hyeon-u, the victims' lawyer.
He is a total scumbag.
His reputation's so dirty,
they call him "Stinking So."
[Hyeon-u] As your lawyer,
I'm going to approach this
as if you were my own family.
You should settle.
This is my specialty.
An industrial accident lawsuit
against a conglomerate.
If you take it to court,
all you will do is lose money.
They'll wear you…
[Ju-sung]
They filed the lawsuit two months ago.
The first hearing is in five days,
but he keeps recommending
that they settle.
Recommending a settlement
is not illegal, though.
Not illegal, just immoral.
Working secretly on Wusang's payroll,
recommending settlements
in exchange for cash.
Do you have proof?
It came from my source who I will protect.
So it's just a rumor?
Has someone ever told you that
condescension is not a good look on you?
You'll tell me…
-who your source is, right?
-No.
[Vincenzo] What about the hospital?
It says here
Babel owns the medical center.
[Cha-young] Haemun Medical Center
was founded by Chairman Jang's father
but it's owned by Babel Chemicals.
Gil Jong-moon is the director.
He's also the chief
of the Onco-Hematology Department.
Are you sure chemical exposure
has nothing to do with it?
There's no risk of exposure.
[Cha-young] He fabricated the diagnosis
to quash the insurance lawsuit.
He's a quack who doesn't give a shit
about the oath he took.
[Vincenzo] And the press?
…will rule if you're not putting Babel
front and center.
[Cha-young] Chun Il-su,
director of Daechang Daily,
he works with the advertisers
to suck up to Babel for monster profit.
It's a glorified tabloid.
…worthy of a Nobel Prize.
[coughs]
[Cha-young] When researchers
cough up blood and collapse,
they publish articles like this.
They're the supreme assholes
of bogus headlines.
BABEL REWARDS RESEARCHERS
FOR WORK ON BLSD
Quack doctors, evil conglomerate
trashy reporters, and lowlife lawyers.
Hmm?
They're the whole package.
No one can beat them.
Except for me.
We should take on the lawsuit.
Oh…
[sucks teeth]
Remember, the trial starts in five days.
If we take this on…
[huffs]
…we'll be unprepared.
Excellent point, Mr. Nam.
If we show up unprepared,
they will wipe the floor with us.
Whatever evidence
that crooked lawyer submitted
would probably be lacking.
Only one way to find out.
Something tells me your powers
of persuasion won't be enough.
-[lighter clinks]
-We'll try something else.
-Like what?
-[scrapes]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
Hmm, so if I understand you correctly,
you want me to resign from the case?
[scoffs]
Why would I?
Because apparently,
your only recommendation was to settle.
That's because it's the best way
for the families to move on.
But beware of the person
who's first to say you should settle.
-They're most likely…
-A traitor.
One thing the movies get right
is the traitors always pay
for their betrayal
with a wire.
[Hyeon-u scoffs]
Listen.
I realized if we took them on,
we'd come up empty-handed.
You could have thrown a punch
or two at least.
You barely got in the ring.
That's a pathetic lack of heart.
You're not a lawyer. You're more
of a two-bit settlement broker.
[Cha-young] Lawyer trash.
[sighs]
You don't get it. Okay?
I have to act fast to get any sort
of payout for the victims
-or their fam…
-[rustling]
Cut the crap. You're only acting
in your own best interest.
In my own interest?
[chuckles]
My goodness.
[Hyeon-u] You've got it all wrong.
Here's what you need to know about me.
I always fight for my clients.
I fight tooth and nail on their behalf,
to do what's best for them.
That's all I think about.
I haven't slept since I took this case.
I had to start taking medication.
How can you say that?
[Vincenzo] You know what the only evil
I can't condone is?
Hypocrisy.
Because when hypocrites repent,
they're still lying.
I can't believe
you're questioning my honor!
Let's cut to the chase.
You will resign.
Tomorrow, you send
the transfer documents to us.
Signing those documents…
doesn't mean my clients will accept you.
I put a lot of energy
into building a relationship.
Then they'll miss you.
Sign the papers, and make sure
you courier them express.
[bangs on table]
What if I'm not able?
Then I'll have to send you
somewhere cold and lonely.
A place where no one can hear you.
Or your stupid excuses.
Whoa! You're bluffing. You're bluffing.
You're bluffing.
Hah! You… you two should tighten up
your routine, huh.
I can see right through you, assholes.
You're threatening to steal my case,
so you can pocket the winnings.
[bangs on table]
You know what, call it taking,
not stealing.
Because someone has to keep fighting.
To win, of course.
This place is filthy.
[scoffs]
LAWYER SO HYEON-U
[slurping]
[Han-seo continues slurping]
[chopsticks clatter]
[slurps]
[exhales]
I'm almost finished.
[all slurping]
In between slurps,
why don't you give me a plan.
[Han-seo] The stocks are plummeting.
[inhales]
And now the tabloids
are saying it's arson.
Where is the plan?
I'm waiting for an answer. Where are they?
Water. Water. Please.
[Han-seo] Not until
they finish their bowls. Water, my ass.
-Wusses.
-[man coughs]
[phone buzzes]
-[buzzing continues]
-[executives breathing heavily]
HIM
Yes, sir.
[Joon-woo] Are you torturing them
with spicy food again?
[ominous music]
No, of course not.
Is a high tolerance for spicy food
something to show off?
I'm not showing off.
I'm trying to shut them up a little.
All they do is talk.
[sighs]
Well, stop goofing off and listen.
I want you to take
a Daechang reporter with you
to Babel camp today.
Announce BLSD is ready for market. Got it?
Uh, what?
It's not market-ready. We both know that.
What do I say?
[Joon-woo] Hey, hey, Chairman Jang.
These conglomerates,
they operate exactly
like bodybuilders on steroids.
Whether it's a lie or an exaggeration,
you're basically
just showing off muscle. Got it?
I got it, yeah. Thank you, sir.
Yes. I'm sure.
[phone beeps]
[soft groan]
[tense music]
[tense music intensifies]
I hate this so much.
[sighs]
She put ketchup on it.
[Vincenzo exhales]
[Vincenzo groans]
I hate ketchup.
You know, persuading the families
to dump Mr. So would've been a lot easier.
I think it would have been much harder.
That's why we went over there.
I've talked hundreds of people
into switching.
Give me five minutes.
We have to show we're leading the fight.
Asking them to do it is too much.
I wouldn't approach it
like a prize fighter.
I'd approach it gently.
[Vincenzo scoffs]
You don't think I can do it.
I'll bet you I can.
You sure? You're on.
Hmm… What's the wager?
[boys] Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
[boys laugh]
Kabam!
That's what we're betting?
That?
Mm-hm, exactly. Like you mean it.
Just one.
[scoffs]
It's not very mature.
And I don't feel right hitting a woman.
This isn't like that. It's a quick flick,
not a right hook.
I win, I flick and vice versa.
Uh-uh.
I refuse to lower my standards.
Five minutes and this game is over.
[Cha-young cries]
[crying continues]
THE TRUTH ABOUT BABEL CHEMICALS
WILL BE UNCOVERED
[sniffles]
[Cha-young] Everyone here…
we're all victims.
I consider myself as one of you,
as family.
And families fight together until the end.
We can beat them, I'm sure of it.
We've already come this far.
We feel it's best
if we keep going with Mr. So.
I'm begging you to reconsider.
Sister.
My brothers.
Auntie.
I will be there for you.
Why do you keep trying to convince us?
We know we can't win this.
Babel Pharma was a disaster.
We made up our minds after that.
We can't afford the risk.
If the families had just held on,
they would have won that lawsuit.
We heard that before he died,
their lawyer took money
and made them commit perjury.
Repeat what you just said.
It was all over the news.
-Didn't you see the coverage?
-[scoffs]
You know firsthand
how the news can spin things,
and you all still believe
what they tell you?
[scoffs]
Why are you acting so offended?
I'm offended because that lawyer
died fighting.
And he was my father.
His name was Hong Yu-chan.
My father couldn't beat them, so everyone
expect me to throw in the towel.
[Cha-young] Because I'll lose anyway.
Their whole strategy is to wear us down.
But if we land a few good punches,
they will go down.
We just have to keep on fighting them.
[woman] We're sorry about your father
but we're not gonna see it your way.
[bangs on table]
I'm just asking you to believe in us.
We can win in court.
[man] We're signing
the settlement papers tomorrow.
The decision is already made.
This is confusing us even more,
so just go.
You should feel hopeful, not confused.
We can win. Just trust me on this.
-[megaphone blaring]
-[all gasp]
[man] Please.
-[blaring stops]
-Hmm.
Ha, ha, ha.
[clears throat]
There we go.
[exhales]
Do you know why your best option
was a settlement?
Because you were not…
in capable hands…
with lawyers who are used to winning,
never get tired,
and whose confidence is supreme.
If you turn us down,
you're basically throwing away
a guaranteed win.
[suspenseful music]
[reporter] There he is.
-[clamoring]
-[camera shutters clicking]
BABEL CHEMICALS HAS SUCCEEDED
IN DEVELOPING BLSD
[camera shutters clicking]
[exhales]
So BLSD is here.
We're so pleased to be launching. It's…
pretty much a dream come true.
Now, we will spark a revolution.
Babel's BLSD will completely transform
the market.
To our researchers…
a big round of applause.
[all clapping]
BABEL CHEMICALS
[retches]
[clamoring]
[Han-seo] I'm bleeding!
[clamoring continues]
What the hell is happening?
Someone calls an ambulance right now!
Call 911 now and move him!
I'm not talking about him, you ass!
[Han-seo] Look! Take me to Emergency!
I'm bleeding.
-[man 1] What happened?
-[woman 1] He's bleeding.
-[researcher 1] Hey, call 911 now.
-Shit!
[researcher 1] Come on,
we have to help him.
Sign the waiver or no ambulance. Huh?
-[researcher 2] U-yeong! You all right?
-[researcher 3] What happened?
-[goon 1] No way, they make finals.
-[goon 2] Are you kidding?
-They don't have what it takes.
-Larry.
I'm asking myself
why those guys are eating here?
It's kinda weird.
It's not like they're Mafia or anything.
[metal clangs]
-[Su-nam yelps]
-Hmm?
[groans]
Oh, no.
-[whimpers]
-Oh, boy.
Do you see what he found?
[Su-nam grunts]
[all gasp]
-[Toto] How did that get in the food?
-Wow, unbelievable.
A nail in a spaghetti dinner.
Is that one of the ingredients?
We should post this
on social media with a picture,
and maybe even the sound effects.
[groans]
[whimpers]
I think I… I got a hole in there now.
Damn. It's rusty.
That's not good.
-Have you been vaccinated?
-Huh?
Oh, brother, this is bad.
He's gonna need penicillin--
-[bangs]
-No, he's not!
He's fine. You're just playing dirty.
-Scamming to drive us out of here.
-Seriously?
-[Su-nam grunts]
-[plates shatter]
You're just begging
for a beating, you know?
-You little--
-[Cha-young] Don't you dare!
-[gasps]
-[scoffs]
Just pay up and leave.
I lost my appetite. Su-nam, the bill.
This was in my food.
There was a nail in my spaghetti!
Just get me the bill
and get away from him. Let's go.
-Oh!
-[gasps]
-[all gasping]
-[Mr. Park] Su-nam!
Sit down. Stay calm. Nobody gets involved.
[all] Ha!
[goon 1] You're done!
[grunts, groans]
[grunts, yells]
[grunts]
-Whoo!
-[incredulous gasp]
[Mr. Park] I told you to stay put.
You're only making things worse.
I'm tired of babysitting you!
-[goon 2] Come here.
-[Mr. Park] Do it.
[grunts]
[loud thud]
Disruptive customers may face a fine
of up to 15 million won,
or depending on the nature of the offense,
a five-year prison sentence, so watch out.
[shudders]
[exhales]
[goons groaning]
Happy now? I warned you, didn't I?
Humiliating isn't even the right word.
Check your ingredients.
Let's move. Come on.
-Hurry up. You're embarrassing me.
-The bill?
I was going to do that next.
Going to reach for my wallet.
No need to throw any punches.
Don't worry, I'm a good tipper.
-Here.
-It costs more than that.
Ninety-five thousand.
Fine.
-[Su-nam] Sir, help me.
-Uh-huh.
I can't… I can't see anything.
Where did you guys go?
Here, I can't see. Hey, sir.
-This way. This way.
-[Su-nam] Help.
Guide me, guys.
-[Su-nam] What?
-[Mr. Park] Be careful. Slowly.
Here, I'll count it out. One, two.
-One, two. One, two.
-[Toto sobs]
[Toto] My babies. My plates.
What do I do? My darlings.
[Toto cries]
-It was my fault. I'll cover the cost.
-[gasps]
-Oh.
-Dishes are expensive.
[quirky music]
He is, without a doubt,
just too beautiful.
[light music]
-[door opens]
-[Cha-young groans]
-Those thugs are annoying.
-[Ju-sung] Ms. Hong.
I apologize.
I need to leave early, I'm afraid.
-Is everything all right?
-I don't know.
I have this little thing
called a blind date.
[gasps]
Amazing, Ju-sung. Go!
-Blind date!
-Love it.
[Cha-young laughs]
Remember not to talk too much.
-[Ju-sung] Okay.
-And another thing… Hold on!
-No wacky games of any kind, okay?
-Yeah, A-okay!
[giggles]
Oh, my god.
Damn it.
Wanna go out for dinner?
[bones cracking]
[quirky music]
What's going on?
[exhales]
I think you lost a bet.
You said you would never hit a woman,
remember?
You told me this is different.
Yes, I guess I did.
[Vincenzo grunts]
Why are you warming up your shoulder?
[sighs]
Let's proceed.
[groans]
"Proceed"?
We're not in court here, mister.
[sighs]
All right.
Why so eager?
Your principles?
Go. Go. Go ahead.
[light music]
Um… Just do it.
[light romantic music]
[light romantic music continues]
What was that?
You didn't do it right.
I tried to get you good. I messed up.
[inhales deeply]
Maybe next time.
-[Cha-young] Uh…
-[Vincenzo] Right, it's over there.
-Surprise!
-Holy shit!
-Don't do that!
-[Joon-woo grunts]
-You're gonna kill me.
-Oh, hey.
Cha-young, you'll never guess
what happened.
Hmm.
[exclaiming]
-Can you feel my heartbeat?
-[heart thumping]
I…
[clears throat]
…have officially made partner.
I'm no longer an intern.
Wusang has a new partner.
I'm a partner! Yeah!
Great news. Congrats.
[clears throat]
Wait.
[Joon-woo] Uh…
Where's the love?
It's a huge promotion. Partner. Hello?
Great. Good for you.
Congratulations.
[Joon-woo sighs]
-I expected cheering.
-You can cheer. You got what you wanted.
[Cha-young]
You couldn't stand being an intern.
-[chair clatters]
-I would have cheered for you.
I'll make it up to you,
I'm buying you dinner.
You better like jjamppong. Superhot.
-It's not my favorite.
-Well, that's just too bad.
-I want something spicy.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah, your dime.
Okay. Okay. Let's go. Your call. Fine.
I have work to finish. Enjoy your meal.
[chuckles]
[clears throat]
This kind of spicy is too much
for Italians like you.
-Let's go.
-I guess he can't handle peppers.
[loud slam]
Italians eat peppers in all sorts of ways.
And pepperoncini is like candy
to some of us.
And they're 20,000 points
on the Scoville scale, by the way.
I love bird's eye chilies from Thailand.
They are 100,000 Scoville.
Ah, I went to the Mexican Riviera
where Savina habaneros scored 300,000.
Indian ghost peppers, 800,000.
Blast your mouth.
You ate something
with ghost peppers in it?
Uh-huh.
-Meaning you can handle spiciness, huh?
-Mm-hm.
-Prove it over jjamppong?
-Okay.
-Okay. Yeah.
-Let's go.
[chuckles]
No way the Scoville hits 800,000.
What was that?
[Cha-young] Thank you.
Did you get any cases?
Oh, yeah. The elks filed a lawsuit.
The elks?
An environmental organization
filed on behalf of the elks against TQ E&C
-for building a tunnel. Ridiculous.
-[Cha-young] Huh?
You know European and US lawyers
think the environment's important.
Uh, I don't. I guess I'm still learning.
[slurps]
-[slurps]
-[Cha-young] Ah…
[sucks teeth]
Perfection.
Whew!
So in Italy, what do you specialize in?
Corporate mediation mostly.
Handling disputes is tough.
And there's the Mafia, right?
Oh…
[whispers]
What am I doing?
The Italian Mafia…
doesn't meddle in regular people's lives
or businesses. They have rules.
[Vincenzo]
They do businesses amongst themselves.
They don't…
[sighs]
-…cross the line.
-Got it.
[Cha-young] No more shoptalk.
I'm sure you agree. We need more heat.
[Joon-woo gasps]
[Joon-woo] I'm fine, actually.
[thrilling music]
[thrilling music rises]
Spice is getting to you.
-You don't have to eat it.
-It's delicious.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
You two are partners, I guess.
-[slurps]
-It's just temporary.
Just don't make more trouble for…
[hiccups]
…her.
You look a little too polished, you know.
And that's a bad thing?
The feeling I get is that, uh…
Oh, you seem like the perfect gentleman.
But you might actually be a beast.
[sighs]
That's completely awful.
Are you giving up?
[hiccups]
-[chuckles]
-[hiccups]
[chuckles]
Oh. It tastes better with more oil.
-[Joon-woo] Hmm?
-[Cha-young] You two sure like it spicy.
EMERGENCY WARD
[siren blaring]
Lee U-yeong…
[pants]
[U-yeong] Hey, what did they say?
I must look like hell.
This is embarrassing.
Why didn't you tell me it was this bad?
Look at you.
Hey, if I don't make it…
can you go to the mountain
and pray for me?
So I go in peace.
-[coughs]
-You're not dying. Stop talking nonsense.
Chaesin…
when I saw the others get sick,
I never thought that I'd get it too.
Anyway, Chairman Jang won't care.
[breathes heavily]
That idiot is making such a fuss.
[inhales deeply]
I coughed up blood and he acts like
he's the one with the emergency--
Enough. Stay calm, U-yeong. Focus.
Concentrate on your breathing, okay?
-Uh… Excuse me!
-[U-yeong] Hey.
[U-yeong] I'm okay.
I'm Lee U-yeong from Sapgyocheon.
Lee U-yeong.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[rattling]
[somber music]
You're Mr. Lee's brother, aren't you?
Sort of.
We grew up together,
and since he's an orphan,
I'm the only family he's got.
Can you please fill me in?
He's battling
chronic myelogenous leukemia.
It's a hematologic malignancy
from a genetic mutation.
Do you know if he worked a lot
or smoke cigarettes?
Oh, yes.
He smoked when we were younger.
And he's been really stressed
at work lately.
Could that have been it?
Determining the cause
will require some tests.
But stress can be a factor.
He's a researcher at Babel Chemicals.
Could it come from some kind of exposure?
Babel Chemicals has stringent
safety protocols.
If your friend was exposed,
it would be because he ignored
those safety measures.
[somber music]
[Joon-woo groans]
-Ay, yay, yay, yay, yay.
-[hiccups]
You guys both look like
you went through the ringer.
[grunts]
Hey.
Uh, ready for round two?
-No more time for pissing contests.
-[Joon-woo sighs]
Go prepare your case.
I'll do it tomorrow.
They're just reindeers.
Right, Mr. Cassano?
[sighs]
I'm with Ms. Hong.
-You're just scared. Hmm.
-[phone buzzes]
[Vincenzo sighs]
-[buzzing continues]
-[Joon-woo grunts]
This is Hong Cha-young.
Yes, Brother Chaesin?
Is she a Buddhist now?
Go away, please.
[Cha-young] Yes, please gather the others.
[Joon-woo] Guess I win.
[Vincenzo hiccups]
Something bad happened
to Chaesin's friend.
-What's going on?
-Go work.
But call if you want help.
-Sure.
-[Vincenzo exhales]
-Let's go.
-Oh.
I'll hold you. Ready?
-Let's just count it out. One, two.
-[Vincenzo grunts]
-One, two. One, two. One, two.
-[groans]
-[Joon-woo] Cha-young!
-One…
[Cha-young] Two. One, two.
One…
[Cha-young] That's it.
[foreboding music]
The doctor lied to me then?
Yes. The doctor absolutely lied
to your face.
Haemun Medical Center is owned by Babel.
Doesn't Babel hire any honest people?
I'm really surprised, aren't you?
U-yeong was as healthy as a horse.
-The doctor said it was chronic--
-Chronic myelogenous leukemia.
A kind of mutation.
He was exposed to BLSD,
a highly toxic chemical substance.
They probably told you
he ignored safety protocols.
It sounds more like you think
they're covering something up.
They are. Plus, there are other victims.
-Should he file a lawsuit?
-No one wants to go to court with them.
[Hui-su] Why the hell not?
I would be all over them already.
They have lawyers.
They buy people off, don't they?
With settlements, yes.
It's to keep it all quiet
when you know you'll lose.
[sighs]
How come they don't hack away
at their lawyers,
or crack some ribs or something?
-You're doing it again.
-Oh, I'm so frustrated.
He worked so hard. Please be merciful.
[Hui-su] Please help U-yeong.
He is so decent and good.
DRY CLEANING
Mr. Tak, I found the problem.
It was the trap gasket.
Trap what?
It's an easy fix.
I'll be done in ten minutes.
[Mr. Tak] Oh, okay.
[Hui-su] What would I do without you?
U-yeong to the rescue!
Uh, it's an easy fix.
[Mr. Tak] He helped fix our problems
like they were his own.
[Yeon-jin] He was always
so good-natured and polite.
Just a good guy.
-[U-yeong] You guys are always arguing.
-We're not arguing.
U-yeong, you're the best.
[Yeon-jin] It's working?
[Mr. Lee] He was like,
he was a member of the family.
Easy fix for U-yeong.
We'll do everything that we can
to see he isn't wronged.
[Jeokha chants]
[Ju-sung gasps]
[chants]
Jeokha, you're done.
I apologize for the sudden outburst.
I have now completed my training.
I can assist you with your mission.
Oh! Then sit with us.
[Ju-sung] Or stand.
[Toto] Oh, sir.
Merciful Buddha.
[Toto] Congratulations.
We should probably get to work.
Right.
[upbeat music]
[Jeokha chanting Buddhist scriptures]
[chuckles]
Ah, I love this sound.
Wait a minute.
"So Hyeon-u not allowed"?
Says who?
[Jeokha chanting Buddhist scriptures]
PRAYER FOR MR. CASSANO
AND MS. HONG'S VICTORY
[wooden instrument knocking]
[Jeokha chanting Buddhist scriptures]
What is going on?
Excuse me, sirs. Can I talk to you?
Can you tell me what you're doing here?
What are you doing here?
Didn't you read the sign?
[woman]
You should be ashamed of yourself.
-I was just a few minutes late.
-Be gone, you lie spreader.
"Lie spreader"?
You hid the truth from innocent people
with your evil ways. Monstrous liar!
-I'm monstrous?
-Get out of here, you monster!
-I don't--
-Evil-doer!
-I don't know what's going on here.
-You're out!
-Be gone!
-Oh.
[growling]
BABEL CHEMICALS
VICTIMS' FAMILIES OFFICE
[Hyeon-u] What the hell?
[Hyeon-u breathes heavily]
[Cha-young] Notice of your dismissal
by the victims' families.
[breathes angrily]
What did you guys do?
My clients are in there, huh?
It really all comes down to what you did.
You accepted bribes from Wusang to settle.
You can't prove any of this.
We can prove all of it.
Take a guess. Who used to be my employer?
-Wusang?
-[scoffs]
They have someone there.
His job is to scout small crooked firms
and buy them off.
[munches]
Hey, listen.
Yes?
I lost most of my savings.
What?
I had a few lousy investments.
I was an idiot.
So I threw in the towel,
and I went for an interview
at an independent law firm.
You know Sudan And Bangbeop?
Sudan And Bangbeop?
We worked together.
Hmm?
That guy, Stinking So, they call him,
he's a low grade.
[Seong-wan groaning]
[Cha-young] What do you mean?
[Cha-young on phone]
Does he only care about money?
[Seong-wan] Don't even get me started.
He whines for more money
even when we pay him extra.
He's greedy and annoying.
-Wow. Seriously?
-[man] Oh.
[Hyeon-u] That never happened.
I don't accept bribes.
You assumed we wouldn't be able to trace
the money because it's cash, right?
When people have a lot of cash to hide,
they tend to want it close.
They keep it in a safe place
where they can get to it anytime.
Like home or the office.
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] You shouldn't have left a trace
anywhere in the office.
The dust was a dead giveaway.
And if you leave prints
on a picture frame,
it's obvious you're hiding something.
[beeping, ringing]
Oh. What an amateur.
[scoffs]
Of course, we told the families
that you were rolling in gold.
The gold…
-[snaps fingers]
-Remind me… how much was in there?
Quite a lot.
No, no, no.
[gasps]
Uh, no!
[Hyeon-u pants]
[beeps]
[clicks, clanks]
[sobbing]
DONATION RECEIPT
CERTIFICATE OF DONATION
DONATED BY: SO HYEON-U
DONATION AMOUNT: 613,000,000 WON
[sobs]
[wails]
-[loud thud]
-[grunts]
[quirky music]
[Cha-young] Hi, guys.
It's so nice to see you again.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
Oh! Hi!
[giggles]
-Cha-young!
-[Cha-young] Hey.
Why are you here?
That's for me to know and not you.
[chuckles]
-Hello.
-Mm.
[quirky music continues]
[Seung-hyuk breathes deeply]
[Cha-young] The attorney representing
the victims' families resigned
from the case.
With the families' blessing.
So now, Jipuragi
is their new legal representative.
[chuckles]
[soft groan]
Brat!
Cha-young, you basically threw
a grenade in my lap.
You can't expect…
Could you stop playing with that?
Well, we need to come in with a bang
for people to take notice.
[Vincenzo]
There's only one way humans are born,
but there are countless ways to die.
Pretty voice you have there.
Tonsils all better?
Uh…
-All better, thanks.
-[Myung-hee] Hmm.
I get that you don't know
how it's done here.
It can be troublesome to act recklessly.
You should think twice.
-[Seung-hyuk chuckles]
-[sighs]
You're the one being reckless.
You come after me, and I guarantee…
trouble will find you.
You have some ego, don't you?
[chuckles]
[Myung-hee] I'll ask out of courtesy.
Besides money, what is it
that you're hoping to get from us?
Babel Chemicals will publicly confess
their wrongdoings,
apologize sincerely,
and offer plenty of compensation,
then the suit's gone.
They retract every single one
of the lies they've told,
and stop producing BLSD.
Is that all? Forget it. Hard no.
I do that, then I might as well
pull the plug, honestly.
That's one way to look at it.
I'm sorry your mind's already made up.
You really should consider our offer.
It's fair.
But remember,
this freedom comes with a price.
[tense music]
[chuckles]
Ms. Hong, are you ready?
Thought you'd never ask.
[Seung-hyuk] I won't see you off.
[chuckles]
Yeah, I know. Please don't.
[Seung-hyuk]
So that's the same Vincenzo Cassano,
who left a message
on Chairman Jang's pillow,
decimated your crystal balls,
burned down Babel,
and blackmailed you over the phone
while you were in the laundromat?
Why did you bring that up, huh?
I missed my crystal balls.
Huh…
Now that I've actually met the guy,
I can see he might be
a little coldhearted.
I wonder if he's for hire.
All the Babel Group business
should be entirely under my jurisdiction
from here on out.
I want complete control.
Great initiative!
Myung-hee, your ideas
are absolutely brilliant.
Really, they are.
Let everyone in Seocho-dong know.
-I'll finish my warm-up.
-Uh-huh.
And I'm coming out swinging.
Okay.
[Seung-hyuk] I'll post a photo.
[laughs]
"Hashtag, here we come."
[chuckles]
[Cha-young] Why the long faces, huh?
It's a beautiful day. Smile.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
-You have to stop.
-[sighs]
I mean, you have to stop her.
Ba… Babel is dangerous!
We appreciate your concern,
but that's not happening.
But you both know
what Babel does to people.
-Eventually, good always conquers evil.
-Drop it, please.
Time to go.
[sighs]
Oh, and, uh…
-Good luck today. Go, elk.
-[Cha-young] Go get them!
Bye, Joon-woo.
[ominous music]
[sighs]
Cha-young…
you're testing my patience.
[car horns honking in distance]
I hate to admit it
but it complicates things
that Ms. Choi decided to take this on.
On other hand,
it will be fun taking her down.
You're that confident?
I don't think it's gonna be
a walk in the park,
-but she's new at the firm.
-The odds are against us.
I'd say there's a 90 percent chance
you'll lose.
How do you figure?
I calculated my chances at 50 percent.
Before going into battle,
you have to take three things
into consideration.
Their skill, their love of money,
and their cunning.
I'm not some pushover.
I have skill and I like money. Ha-ha-ha!
But there's a big difference
between being hot-tempered
and acting cold-blooded.
Don't worry.
Our objective
isn't winning the first round.
Letting them win the first round
will make things harder.
If we have to come up short,
we have to make sure
that no one can be better than we do.
So I'm gonna show you
how to pull that off.
I've been working in this business
for eight years. I'm not your protégé.
I'm not trying to downplay
your experience.
I just wanna help you discover
your dark side.
Fine.
I'll be your guinea pig for now. But…
as soon as I see an opportunity
to teach you, you will give me free rein.
Sure.
Hey. Scumbag, you think he's all right?
I hope he's not too cold.
Yeah, me too.
He must be awake.
[Hyeon-u grunting]
[grunts]
[groans]
Oh!
[pants]
What the hell? Huh?
Where am I?
[pants]
Hello?
[grunts]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
What's this?
[heaves]
I don't get it. What are these? Huh?
GREEN ONION, CARROT
Carrot seeds, perilla seeds?
I'm not a farmer. What is this?
[Hyeon-u breathes heavily]
Oh, what the hell?
-[slapping]
-[groans]
"Only for Mr. So"? No!
The Italian flag? Who did this to me?
What the hell?
I need help.
[yelping]
[grunts, groans]
Oh.
That's my apartment!
[shouts]
Honey!
-Yes.
-[Hyeon-u] Hon!
-He's my husband.
-[Hyeon-u] Honey!
I'm pretty worried.
He hasn't come home in two days.
No.
It's not like him.
[Hyeon-u] Can you hear me?
Honey!
[Vincenzo sighs]
Professional gamblers occasionally show up
at Mafia-run casinos.
Chow Yun-fat!
Chow Yun-fat in God of Gamblers.
It's just a movie. Quit it.
-[Cha-young clicks tongue]
-[exhales]
When they realize he's about
to make a killing off of them…
what's the house's reaction?
They drag the guy out,
shatter both of his hands,
and message received.
The Mafia's good old days
but now they can't bash people around
like that.
-Oh.
-Then the game needs to be voided.
-No one beats the house.
-Bingo!
The odds are manipulated
without raising suspicions,
so they go away.
-[Ju-sung bangs table]
-Weasel!
My family, we love playing cards
and board games,
and one of my uncles
is always tipping over the table
when he gets up to go to the bathroom.
So you wanna somehow
invalidate the proceedings.
If we can't postpone the trial
or resign as counsel, then what?
Let the trial get underway…
[taps the table]
…then play our joker.
What?
[scoffs]
When the Mafia owns the chips and cards,
they can pull out the joker anytime
because they stack the deck.
We don't have that kind of luxury,
and we have zero room for error.
When you need a little room to maneuver…
you make your own.
[chuckles]
Wow! Do you guys smell that? Oh! Ah!
Lawyer pheromones.
Ooh! Wow. So intense. Ah!
[intern] I'm sure I've seen
that case before.
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
Yes, Mr. Cho. Please. Great.
[sighs]
We're almost ready to go.
[chuckles]
[Vincenzo groans]
I've been meaning to ask you.
Do you have any plans
once this case is over?
I'll be moving on…
once this demolition business
has been handled.
And Miss All-Powerful Babel
come tumbling down?
[sighs]
I think this will be enough…
to satisfy the anger.
Mm.
Are you going to be a globe-trotter
or will you be staying here?
[somber music]
[chuckles]
[exhales deeply]
Korea isn't where I belong.
This isn't my home.
Yeah, you're free as the wind.
You get to make anywhere home.
[packet crunches]
-[knocks]
-[gasps]
Mr. Tak. Good morning.
What brings you here this early?
[Mr. Tak clears throat]
I imagined you'll be dressing up
for the trial.
-[Cha-young] Of course.
-[Mr. Tak] Give me your clothes.
[hissing]
[light classical music]
-[deep exhale]
-[loud thud]
[thumps loudly]
-I think that might work better.
-Okay.
-I'll look through it.
-Mm-hm.
-And then you object.
-That sounds good.
[panting]
In here.
One last time. You too.
[light classical music continues]
[Cha-young gasps]
Oh, wow.
[claps]
[Toto] Ta-da!
We wanted to wish you luck today,
so I prepared Korean dishes.
[Toto] Since you don't like my cooking,
I asked my mother to make everything.
Her meals are truly spectacular. Promise.
[munching]
[tense music]
[chuckles]
[Toto] It's her specialty.
-Oh, Napoli!
-[laughs]
-Finally.
-Yes! You did it. Respect.
[grunts]
Sorry, Chef.
-[Jeokha chanting]
-[knocks on wooden instrument]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
[sighs]
[applause]
[exhales]
[suspenseful music]
My key. I'm always doing this.
Ah, damn it!
Every time I have to go to court.
-[groans]
-I have a car.
-Are you serious?
-Yes.
I don't get to use it much.
It's on the way.
Uh…
If it's easier, we can just call a cab.
You need a sleek ride
when you're headed to the battlefield.
[upbeat music]
[reporter 1] They're here.
[press clamoring]
[indistinct chatter]
-[reporter 2] Hold on. Stop pushing!
-[reporter 3] Everyone, calm down.
-Sir.
-[reporter 2] Excuse me. Sir!
-Got a message?
-It's good to see all of you.
[reporter 3] How about
the toxic substance allegations?
[Seung-hyuk] Thank you for being here.
[reporter 4] Can you tell us
about your strategy?
You shouldn't be after me.
I'm not the lead counsel.
You want to talk to her.
Ms. Choi is our representative.
BLSD is supposedly highly toxic
which causes disease. Any comment?
They are representing over 40 victims
and their families,
including the nine who died. True?
Journalism is an art
the Internet has completely ruined
with biased tabloid trash.
Only serious fact-based questions
from now on.
Are you insinuating that the claims
aren't supported?
Where does it say that just because
you're weak, you own the truth?
You should do more fact checking.
So what you're saying is that the victims
aren't telling the truth?
Painting yourself as a victim
doesn't make you one.
Just because you're weak,
doesn't make you just.
It's easy to come after
a rich corporate conglomerate.
What's hard is what you do
and not seeing the real picture,
which is that we're not the bad guys.
That can't be said with the opportunistic
lawyers working for the plaintiffs.
You're accusing your opponents of lying.
And basically, the claims are false
and they're in the wrong?
Hey, hey. There's another car over there.
-There they are!
-The plaintiffs!
[press clamoring]
-I don't see any passengers.
-Are they here?
-[reporter 1] I can't see them.
-[reporter 2] Are they in the back?
-[reporter 3] Hello?
-[reporter 4] Any comment?
[clamoring]
-[reporters exclaiming]
-Oh, wow.
Idiots.
Why are you all out here blocking the way?
You're pissing me off.
And I just lost in court
so I was already pissed.
And I'm hungry as hell.
I'm not kidding. Move your asses!
-Or I'll move them for you!
-I think she's serious.
Back, back, back.
-[reporter 1] Who is this woman?
-[reporter 2] How are we supposed to know?
-[horn honks]
-[reporter 2] Stop honking. Just go!
Bye!
[reporter 3]
Someone should file a lawsuit against her.
[car engine revs]
[engine revving]
[engine revving continues]
[mysterious music]
[upbeat music]
[reporter 4] Who are you?
We're the ones taking on Babel Chemicals.
Jipuragi Law, Hong Cha-young
and Associate.
[reporter 5] Stop pushing me. Watch out!
Hey, come on. Stop pushing.
Do you know how much this car cost?
[reporter 5] We can't afford to fix it
if it's scratched.
[reporter 6] Babel Chemicals said
your claims are false
-and you're opportunistic.
-[scoffs]
[chuckles]
[reporter 5] Miss, any comment?
I told you to stop pushing.
[reporter 7]
Are you Ms. Hong's law partner?
I'm advising Jipuragi
and the victims. Yes.
[reporter 8] What's your name?
Don't push him on the steps.
It's dangerous.
The public wants answers. Is BLSD safe?
[reporter 9]
What do you think about the case?
-[press clamor]
-[camera shutters clicking]
Un diavolo scaccia…
l'altro.
-[reporter 10] What?
-[reporter 11] What language was that?
-What did he say? Diavolo?
-[reporter 5] Diablo?
He's talking about the game, right?
Is a gaming company involved in this too?
What can you tell us?
[whistle blares]
[Mr. Lee over megaphone]
Where is justice? We want justice.
Babel Chem must repent.
[tenants] Babel Chem must repent!
Behold!
OUT WITH BABEL CHEMICALS
BABEL CHEMICALS
MUST BE HELD RESPONSIBLE
[Yeon-jin] My life is passing
while I cough up blood.
-What's happening?
-[Yeon-jin] Babel Chem must repent!
[Chaesin and Jeokha chanting]
[Mi-ri] Babel! This performance shows
the painful struggle of the victims.
Their blood is on your hands.
[Chaesin and Jeokha continue chanting]
BRING DESTRUCTION TO BABEL CHEMICALS
THE TRUTH WILL BE REVEALED
You're gonna post those videos, right?
It could go viral.
Come on, more suffering, Larry.
-Really solemn.
-Keep going.
[Mr. Lee] Mr. Tak.
Babel Chemicals, repent now.
You're killing us.
[Chaesin and Jeokha continue chanting]
[camera shutters clicking]
[chanting continues]
[mischievous music]
What are they trying to prove
with this BS?
Let's go.
Nutcases. Let's go.
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
SPECIAL THANKS TO SHIN SEUNG-HWAN
AND JUNG YOUNG-JU
[Vincenzo] It's highly unlikely.
There's nothing we can do
but stall for time.
See, I'll always be one step ahead.
They can never outwit me.
[Vincenzo] This is why it's so important
to know who your enemies are.
Because the enemy of my enemy…
is my friend.
[Joon-woo]
I guess it's time I make a move.
[Vincenzo] They may try
to influence them in other ways.
[scoffs]
If you can't beat them,
you can deal with them.
I'm gonna win no matter what!
-[Cha-young] The last witness we have is…
-[Vincenzo] We need a witness…
It's perfect.
[Vincenzo] …who is infallible.